Skip to content →
Docs
Getting started
Intake
Projects and initiatives
Issues and cycles
Issue properties
Agents and automation
Insights and outcomes
Account
Preferences
Profile
Notifications
Code & reviews
Security & Access
Administration
Integrations
Your sidebar
Views
Find and filter
Imports and Exports
Docs
Developers
Learn
Contact support
Account
Notifications
Copy page
Sign up
Notifications

Receive alerts on important updates in the Linear desktop app, mobile app, Slack, or email.

Overview

You’ll always see notifications in your Linear inbox. For real-time alerts, you can use the Linear desktop app, mobile app, Slack, or email digests.

Configure

Go to Settings > Account > Notifications to manage your notifications.

You can customize the types of updates you’d like to receive from Linear, such as changelogs, DPA updates and other communications.

Notifications are categorized by channel: Desktop, Mobile, Email, and Slack. A green dot next to a channel means that notification method is enabled, while a gray dot means it is disabled.

To enable a notification, select the notification method you’d like to configure and click the toggle to turn on the notification. You can then enable or disable each notification type.

Notifications are grouped. For example, the status-changes category includes issue completions and cancelations, urgent-priority changes, and changes to blocking relationships. You cannot select only status changes.

Notification timing

Desktop, mobile and Slack notifications are sent in real-time. Email digests send with time delays based on urgency, and are only sent if you haven’t already read the Linear inbox notification.

Email notifications

There are two settings you can have for email notifications - email digest or immediate delivery. You can select your preferred frequency by clicking on the dropdown arrow in the Notification format selector.

Email digests provide a summary of unread notifications. They’re configured to send out after a certain amount of time has elapsed depending on properties such as issue status. By default, notifications are grouped into digests and sent based on urgency.

Email notification




Subscribing to an issue

Subscribing to an issue determines whether notifications are received for that issue, based on notification preferences. You are automatically subscribed to an issue when you create it, are assigned to it, are @mentioned in an issue comment or description, or if you use the menu in the Activity section to subscribe manually. If you are @mentioned in a comment in an issue thread, you will be automatically subscribed to the thread, but not to the overall issue.

To manage subscriptions, open issues individually and then press Shift S to subscribe or Cmd/Ctrl Shift S to unsubscribe. View all subscribed issues under My Issues > Subscribed.

FAQ
My notifications are enabled. Why am I not receiving them?

Notification delivery may be routed to an active desktop app or browser session. If none of those apply, please reach out to our support team.

Do you support browser-based notifications?

For real-time desktop notifications, use the Linear desktop app. Linear does not currently support setting up new browser push-notification subscriptions. You can still access all notifications in your Linear inbox, and use mobile, Slack, or email notifications based on your preferences.

Why isn't the red badge showing up on the Linear icon in my dock?

Please check that you’ve enabled notifications for Linear in the macOS settings as well as marked to show the red badge icon.

What status changes generate notifications?

When “Status changes” is selected in Notification settings, issue completions and cancelations will notify you if you subscribe to the issue.

If you wish to configure notifications for issues entering a specific status, consider setting up a view subscription.

Is there a limit to how many notifications you can keep in your inbox?

Linear retains up to 2,000 open notifications in your inbox. When this limit is exceeded, notifications are automatically archived.

Previous

Profile

Next

Code & reviews